add blobstore and alienos. (#10)
hzrd149/awesome-blossom: README.md

 - [Blossom Server ts](https://github.com/hzrd149/blossom-server) [![GitHub Repo stars](https://img.shields.io/github/stars/hzrd149/blossom-server)](https://github.com/hzrd149/blossom-server) Typescript implementation of a Blossom Server
 - [bun-relay](https://github.com/zapstore/bun-relay) [![GitHub Repo stars](https://img.shields.io/github/stars/zapstore/bun-relay)](https://github.com/zapstore/bun-relay) A simple nostr relay written in Javascript with a blossom server
 - [route96](https://git.v0l.io/Kieran/route96) [![Gitea Repo stars](https://img.shields.io/gitea/stars/Kieran/route96?gitea_url=https%3A%2F%2Fgit.v0l.io)](https://git.v0l.io/Kieran/route96) Rust implementation of a Blossom Server that also suppprts NIP-96
 - [Servus](https://github.com/servuscms/servus) [![stars](https://img.shields.io/github/stars/servuscms/servus.svg?style=social)](https://github.com/servuscms/servus) - A self-contained, single executable, CMS/blogging engine reminiscent of Jekyll which also acts as a personal Nostr relay and Blossom server. Written in Rust.

>  - [cf-worker-blossom-server](https://git.v0l.io/florian/cf-worker-blossom-server) [![Gitea Repo stars](https://img.shields.io/gitea/stars/florian/cf-worker-blossom-server?gitea_url=https%3A%2F%2Fgit.v0l.io)](https://git.v0l.io/florian/cf-worker-blossom-server) A blossom server writing using Cloudflare components (Workers, KV, R2)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - [cf-worker-blossom-server](https://git.v0l.io/florian/cf-worker-blossom-server) [![Gitea Repo stars](https://img.shields.io/gitea/stars/florian/cf-worker-blossom-server?gitea_url=https%3A%2F%2Fgit.v0l.io)](https://git.v0l.io/florian/cf-worker-blossom-server) A blossom server written with Cloudflare components (Workers, KV, R2)
```

 - [Go Blossom Server](https://github.com/sebdeveloper6952/blossom-server) [![GitHub Repo stars](https://img.shields.io/github/stars/sebdeveloper6952/blossom-server)](https://github.com/sebdeveloper6952/blossom-server) Blossom Server & Client written in Golang
 - [Nostrcheck-server](https://github.com/quentintaranpino/nostrcheck-api-ts) [![GitHub Repo stars](https://img.shields.io/github/stars/quentintaranpino/nostrcheck-api-ts)](https://github.com/quentintaranpino/nostrcheck-api-ts) TypeScript Blossom server that also supports NIP-96, NIP-05 and other sovereign tools, easy installation with docker-compose.
 - [Blossom for Cloudron](https://git.nostrdev.com/stuff/blossom-cloudron) [![Gitea Repo stars](https://img.shields.io/gitea/stars/stuff/blossom-cloudron?gitea_url=https%3A%2F%2Fgit.nostrdev.com)](https://git.nostrdev.com/stuff/blossom-cloudron) Packaging Blossom for Cloudron app servers
 - [cherry-server](https://github.com/0xtrr/cherry-server) [![GitHub Repo stars](https://img.shields.io/github/stars/0xtrr/cherry-server)](https://github.com/0xtrr/cherry-server) A media server based on the Blossom protocol

> - [Alienos](https://github.com/dezh-tech/alienos) [![GitHub Repo stars](https://img.shields.io/github/stars/dezh-tech/alienos)](https://github.com/dezh-tech/alienos) A golang relay with embedded built-in managable blssom server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Alienos](https://github.com/dezh-tech/alienos) [![GitHub Repo stars](https://img.shields.io/github/stars/dezh-tech/alienos)](https://github.com/dezh-tech/alienos) A golang relay with a built-in managable blossom server.
```
